


                          Delta Force 2

                Unofficial Strategy Guide and FAQ

                         by Kasey Chang

                    released August 19, 2005


1    Introduction

This section is for "what the FAQ is about" and things like that.
Feel free to skip this section.

If you like the FAQ, please send me a dollar. :-)  See [1.3]

This FAQ is about "Delta Force 2", the military shooter created
and published by Novalogic, "very" loosely based on the exploits
of US Army Special Forces, detachment Delta, a.k.a. Delta Force.
.


1.1   A WORD FROM THE AUTHOR

This is a FAQ, NOT a manual, not that you really need a manual to
play this shooter. How hard can it be, really? Besides, all the
commands are listed when you press F1.

This USG only covers the PC Version, since this only existed on
the PC.


1.2   TERMS OF DISTRIBUTION

This document is copyrighted by Kuo-Sheng "Kasey" Chang (c) 2005;
all rights reserved excepted as noted above in the disclaimer
section.

This document is available FREE of charge subjected to the
following conditions:

1)This notice and author's name must accompany all copies of
  this document: "Delta Force 2 Unofficial Strategy Guide and
  FAQ" is copyrighted (c) 2005 by Kasey K.S. Chang, all rights
  reserved except as noted in the disclaimer."

2)This document must NOT be modified in any form or manner
  without prior permission of the author with the following
  exception: if you wish to convert this document to a different
  file format or archive format, with no change to the content,
  then no permission is needed.

  2a) In case you can't read, that means TXT only. No banners,
  no HTML borders, no cutting up into multiple pages to get you
  more banner hits, and esp. no adding your site name to the
  site list. [Small exception: a "small" toolbar with no banners
  embedded is okay. See IGN or Neoseeker for examples.]

3)No charge other than "reasonable" compensation should charged
  for its distribution. Free is preferred, of course. Sale of
  this information is expressly prohibited. If you see any one
  selling this guide, contact me (see below).

4)If you used material from this, PLEASE ACKNOWLEDGE the source,
  else it is plagiarism.

5)The author hereby grants all games-related website the right
  to archive and link to this document to share among the game
  fandom, provided that all above restrictions are followed.

Sidenote: The above conditions are known as a statutory contract.
If you meet them, then you are entitled to the rights I give you
in 5), i.e. archive and display this document on your website. If
you don't follow them, then you did not meet the statutory
contract conditions, and therefore you have no right to display
this document. If you do so, then you are infringing upon my
copyright. This section was added for any website that don't seem
to understand this.

For the gamers: You are under NO obligation to send me ANY
compensation.  However, I do ask for a VOLUNTARY contribution of
one (1) US Dollar if you live in the United States, and if you
believe this guide helped your game. If you choose to do so,
please make your US$1.00 check or $1.00 worth of US stamps to
"Kuo-Sheng Chang", and send it to "2220 Turk Blvd. #6, San
Francisco, CA 94118 USA".

If you don't live in the US, please send me some local stamps. I
collect stamps too.

1.3   VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTION

Gamers who read this guide are under NO obligation to send me ANY
compensation.

However, a VOLUNTARY contribution of one (1) US Dollar would be
very appreciated.

If you choose to do so, please make your US$1.00 check or $1.00
worth of stamps to "Kuo-Sheng Chang", and send it to "2220 Turk
Blvd. #6, San Francisco, CA 94118 USA".

If you don't live in the US, please send me some local stamps. I
collect stamps too.

For the record, out of ALL the FAQs I wrote (over 60 at last
count) over the past ten years or so, I've received exactly 35
dollars and 8 sets of stamps, as of release of this guide. So I'm
NOT making any money off these guides, folks.


1.4   HOW AND WHEN TO CONTACT ME

PLEASE let me know if there's a confusing or missing remark,
mistakes, and thereof... If you find a question about this game
that is not covered in the USG, e-mail it to me at the address
specified below.  I'll try to answer it and include it in the
next update.

Please do NOT write me for technical support. That is the
publisher's job.

Please do NOT ask me to answer questions that have already
answered in this FAQ/guide. It makes you look REALLY idiotic.

I will NOT answer stupid questions like the ones above unless I'm
in a really good mood. If you send questions like that, do NOT
expect a reply.

The address below is spelled out phonetically so spammers can't
use spambots on it:

Kilo-Sierra-Charlie-Hotel-Alpha-November-Golf-Seven-Seven AT
Yankee-Alpha-Hotel-Oscar-Oscar DOT Charlie-Oscar-Mike

To decipher this, simply read the first letter off each word
except for the numbers and the punctuation. This is "military
phonetics" or "aeronautical phonetics" in case you're wondering.

This document was produced on Microsoft Word 97. Some editing was
done with Editpad (editpadclassic.com).


1.5    THE AUTHOR

I am just a game player who decided to write my own FAQs when the
ones I find don't cover what I want to see.  Lots of people like
what I did, so I kept doing it.

Previously, I've written Unofficial Strategy Guides (USGs) for
XCOM, XCOM2:TFTD, Wing Commander, Wing Commander 2, Wing
Commander 3, Wing Commander 4, Privateer, Spycraft, 688(I)
Hunter/Killer. Mechwarrior 3, MW3 Expansion Pack, Mechwarrior 4,
Mechwarrior 4: Black Knight, Need for Speed: Porsche Unleashed,
The Sting!, Terranova, Fallout Tactics, Starfleet Command Volume
II, DS9: The Fallen, DS9: Dominion War, Driver, Warlords:
Battlecry, Monopoly Tycoon, Dungeon Siege, and a few others.

To contact me, see 1.4 above.


1.6   DISCLAIMER / COPYRIGHT INFORMATION

Novalogic created and published Delta Force 2. It's the second
game in the Delta Force franchise, as the name suggests.

This USG is not endorsed or authorized by NovaLogic.

The information compiled in this USG has been gathered
independently through the author's efforts except where noted
otherwise.

This document is based on the retail version with final patch,
which is V1.06.15.


1.7   HISTORY

19-AUG-2005    Initial release



2    DF2 General Info


2.1   THE MOST FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Q: Can you send me the game (or portions thereof)?
A: No.

Q: Can you send me the manual? (or portions thereof)
A: It's on the CD, you m****! Also, press F1 in the game.

Q: Can you tell me how to play the game?
A: Read the manual please.

Q: How big is the install?
A: About 475MB regular install, 125MB compact install.

Q: Is there a patch?

A: Use the auto-update tool. As of this release, it's V1.06.15

Q: What's the difference among the difficulty levels?
A: How easy you die, mainly, and how good the enemy is. AI on
higher level is also more aggressive in patrols. They also react
to sounds of gunfire or explosions or screams of pain. Finally,
their accuracy is improved. Also, if a friendly helicopter is
involved, it may die if you loiter excessively on normal or hard
difficulty levels.

Q: What about some cheat codes?
A:  See final section.

Q: How about a mission editor?
A: It's installed with the game, you *****!


2.2   DF2 HISTORY

Novalogic has been around since 1986, though they mainly did
ports and published through other publishers such as Accolade
(Steel Thunder) and Broderbund (Wolfpack).

NovaLogic broke onto the PC gaming scene in 1992 with their
breakthrough title: Commanche: Maximum Overkill. Using their
proprietary voxel-based technology, they were able to deliver
full 3D with realistic terrain that's NOT based on polygons, as
well as effects like reflections and such, on then available PC
(386), with extremely high frame rates, and that is simply
amazing. Commanche was Novalogic's first self-published title. It
spawned multiple follow-ups. Currently it's on "Commanche 4".

The voxel technology was quickly reused in Ultrabots (a giant-
robot fighting game) and Armored Fist (tank combat sim). Related
technology was used in the various fighter sims such as F-22
series, F-16, and MiG-29.

In 1999, NovaLogic introduced Delta Force, a first-person shooter
based on their voxel technology. It was a success and spawned
multiple sequels: Delta Force 2, Delta Force / Land Warrior, and
Delta Force / Task Force Dagger.

You are, of course, playing Delta Force 2.

Later, NovaLogic improved the engine to create Delta Force /
Black Hawk Down, partly inspired by the movie and the exploits of
the Ranger company and Delta force before that infamous day in
Mogadishu. It also spawned an expansion pack: Team Sabre, that
have you traveling to South America and Southeast Asia in search
of drug kingpins and terrorists.

NovaLogic then went to a new engine for Joint Operations, and its
expansion: Escalation.

On the other hand, it recently revived the Delta Force franchise
by creating Delta Force Xtreme.

Most NovaLogic games feature support for NovaWorld, a full-
featured online gaming lobby and stat tracker where you can earn
ranks and get promoted if you play well. Imagine having a 50-150
player battle, across maps that's measured in square KILOMETERS,
not square meters!


2.3   HARDWARE REQUIREMENTS

From official website:

     Required Processor:      Pentium II or faster

     Video Card:    Any Windows Compatible

     Hard Drive:    200 MB

     RAM:      64 MB


2.4   HOW DOES THIS GAME PLAY?

Basically, it's one of those lone-wolf type games where you shoot
a LOT of terrorists or militia, basically EVERYONE in your way.
You get a couple AI buddies along with you, but they die quite
often, never seeks cover, and so on.

Sniping is encouraged, and indeed, required. You usually have 10
mags of ammo for your primary weapon. You carry your pistol for
close-quarters combat, but you don't have much ammo for it. (4
mags for pistol). You can carry other items like ghillie suit,
satchel charges, and so on for specific missions.

You may need to retrieve documents and/or computers, destroy
computers, demolish buildings, plant beacons, and so on. Lots of
things to do, but the way you do them is similar enough.

In some missions you encounter civilians.

There is also a full mission editor if you want to create your
own missions. However, it's not that easy to use.


2.5   BUGS AND FIXES

The game is very stable and never crashed even once on my test
computer. However, it does not enjoy task switching. If you hit
ALT-TAB, and try to switch back, the game will crash to desktop
with a SYSDUMP.TXT message.

You should get the latest patch via the auto-update tool, and
close any extra programs such as virus checker, firewall (unless
you're going online), and such before starting the game. That
seems to help.

Cheating is rampant online and since NovaLogic has moved onto
other games, new patches are unlikely.


2.6   EXPANSION PACKS? SEQUELS? RELATED TITLES?

Delta Force: Land Warrior: 3rd in series, introduced different
characters such as sniper, close-quarters, assault, heavy
weapons, demolition, and so on. Each has special "powers".

Delta Force: Task Force Dagger: 4th in series, introduced
missions roughly based on the exploits of Coalition forces in
Afghanistan.

Delta Force / Black Hawk Down -- partly inspired by the movie and
the exploits of the Delta Force and Ranger company before that
infamous day in Mogadishu.

Delta Force / Black Hawk Down: Team Sabre -- expansion pack that
have your team go to Southeast Asia and Colombia to chase
terrorists and drug kingpins.

Joint Operations -- small squad combat in jungles of Indonesia,
designed for multiplayer, using vehicles, helicopters, small
boats, and lots of infantry action.

Joint Operations: Escalation -- expansion pack, adding more
riverine stuff, more vehicles, including tanks, and so on.

Delta Force Extreme -- the latest version, including co-op play,
multiplayer, and more is now in stores, for a low price of $20!
Features state of the art graphics upgrades.


2.7  SOME COMMON SUPPORT ISSUES

Latest version is 1.06.15, dated March 22, 2000.

If you bought the Delta Force trilogy and the install code did
not work, check the official website (http://www.novalogic.com)
for a temporary install code.

There is no in-game save. You must finish the mission.

If the choices for campaign and/or quick mission are not
available, your CD was not being recognized.

The mission editor does NOT work in Win2K or WinXP. This is a
known issue and there's nothing that can be done about it.



3    Your weapons and equipment

They are organized by the game into several categories


3.1   KNIFE

Everybody carries one. Spec ops guys usually have theirs
darkened, and could be any shape. It's great for silent kills.
Sneak up behind a guard, whoosh, dead guard.

If you are wondering... It is actually smaller than the one Rambo
carried. That one would be too big and unwieldy for any one other
than Rambo.

In terms of the game... It's rare for you to get close enough to
use the knife, but sometimes, if you are prone, and enemy patrol
is right on top of you, using the knife may get rid of him
instead of rotating on the ground and trying to shoot him.


3.2   SIDEARM

Your pistol, good for close combat, but lacks the range or
firepower of the other weapons. There are a few models, but they
don't really make a BIG difference in their operation, except
whether they are silenced or not. All pistols are semi-automatic
only.

The SOCOM w/ Silencer is recommended, mainly for the silencer.
Why let the enemy know you're here?


3.2.1     H&K Mk 23 mod 0 "SOCOM"

Caliber: .45 ACP

NOTE: SOCOM can be equipped with a silencer, and becomes known as
"SOCOM w/ silencer"


3.2.2     H&K Mk 23 mod 0 "SOCOM" w/ silencer

Caliber: .45 ACP

NOTE: Also available without silencer, but why? Always fire two
shots at a time, to make sure you kill the target. One shot may
not kill unless you go for the head.


3.2.3     Underwater Pistol

Caliber: n/a / 5 shots


3.3   PRIMARY WEAPON

Primary Weapon falls into several categories: Sniper Rifles,
Assault Rifles, or Machine Guns.

For sniper rifles you carry about 75 rounds of ammo.

For assault rifles, you carry about 200-210 rounds of ammo.

For machine guns, you carry about 400 rounds of ammo.


3.3.1     M4 with M203 combo (assault rifle, w/ grenade launcher)

M4 is a proven carbine with M203 grenade launcher slung below.
This design is a bit long in the tooth though. As the range for
the 40 mm M203 grenade is not that far. Uses 30 rounds magazine
of 5.56mm bullets. You also get a 4x scope, which makes it a low-
end sniper rifle.

The three modes are: semi-auto, 3-round burst, grenade.

Even with the scope, your realistic range is not much above 300
meters.


3.3.2     M4 with shotgun combo (assault rifle, w/ shotgun
     attachment)

M4 is a proven design with a shotgun slung below. Shotgun has
limited range, but excellent for close combat. Uses 30 rounds
magazine of 5.56mm bullets. You also get a 4x scope for sniping.

This combo is also known as "Masterkey", as in "blowing the door
hinges off".

The three modes are: semi-auto, 3-round burst, shotgun.

Even with the scope, your realistic range is not much above 300
meters.


3.3.3     M40 Sniper Rifle

This sniper rifle is built for the Marine Corp sharpshooters by
the Marine Corp armorers. 12 mags of 5 rounds each.  10x scope
lets you reach out and touch someone. It's bolt action, so pause
between shots is long, and switching magazines is also slow.

Realistic range is about 500m.


3.3.4     M82 Barrett .50 cal Sniper Rifle

The first .50 cal sniper rifle, it was first introduced in 1982
(thus, M82). It was NOT meant to hit human targets. It was
designed as anti-material weapon, like punching holes in
radiators of cars, or jet engines, radar dishes, etc. However, it
will punch holes in human flesh all right. 8 mags of 8 rounds
each. (Hey, these are BIG bullets). Also equipped with a 10x
scope.

Realistically, this can hit targets out to 800 meters or so.


3.3.5     M249 "Minimi" machine gun (i.e. Squad Automatic Weapon,
     or SAW)

Originally built by FN of Belgium, the "Minimi" is an air-cooled
belt-fed machine gun.

2 belts of 200 rounds each, can be fired on full auto or semi-
auto. No scope.

Full auto allows you to "walk" the shots onto the target.

No reticule view at all, so effective range is maybe 150m at
most.


3.3.6     MP5SD3 (silenced submachine gun)

The MP-5 series by Heckler and Koch is the quintessential
submachine gun, favored by "operators" all over the world. The
SD3 has an integral silencer that just slightly reduces muzzle
velocity yet quiets the shot noise down to a whisper, esp. when
equipped with special subsonic rounds.

In DF2, this gun will NOT leave a "tracer" trail, thus making it
impossible to spot. This is great for sneaking up on enemies and
putting bullets in their heads.

3 firing modes: full auto, 3-round burst, semi-auto. No scope.

Full auto allows you to "walk" the shots onto the target, but
very wasteful of ammo.

Effective range is under 100m, since there is no scope or
reticule view at all.


3.3.7     Underwater assault rifle

26 shots, total. Hopefully you don't need more than that. Noisy,
but good for what it was designed for.


3.4    EXPLOSIVES

You have three choices... AT-4 rocket, Claymore mine, and satchel
charge.

(Hand grenades are counted separately!)


3.4.1     AT-4 LAW

The AT-4 LAW (light anti-tank weapon) is a should-fired light-
weight rocket that should destroy most vehicles in one hit,
useful in demolitions or anti-vehicle ops.

Engage the scope for more precise targeting.

Some vehicles may need more than one LAW.

It is the only weapon available against helicopters, except the
grenade launcher.


3.4.2     Satchel Charge

Toss this where you want things to blow up, run away, and hit the
radio detonator trigger, and watch things go BOOM!

Objectives that need more than one LAW can be destroyed with just
one satchel charge.

You can drop multiple satchel charges, then blow them up
altogether at once.

One satchel can also take out multiple targets if they are close
enough to each other.


3.4.3     Claymore

The M18 Claymore is a directional munition with motion sensor,
packed with an explosive charge and steel bearings. When
triggered, the explosives launch the projectiles in a 60-degrees
arc, turning everything in the arc and in range into bloody pulp.
Remember to set the proper SIDE toward enemy. The motion sensor
covers an arc FORWARD... and will be triggered by ANYONE,
including you!

Best used to guard your back, but since you're mainly on the
attack in DF2...


3.5   RADIO DETONATOR

Triggers satchel charges to go boom.


3.6   GRENADES

Only two types here: delayed fragmentation grenade, or
fragmentation grenade.

In general, one or two grenades should take out a tent or a
camouflaged shelter.


3.6.1     Delayed Fragmentation Grenade

Five second delay, bigger boom.


3.6.2     Fragmentation grenade

Immediate detonation upon impact. Zero delay. Enough to destroy a
truck. Need 3-4 to destroy a BRDM.


3.7   LASER RANGE FINDER

It's also a designator... Point it at a target, and call in some
fire support. Be precise though. Hitting the wrong target is
embarrassing.


3.8   SECONDARY EQUIPMENT

Possible choices here are

Extra ammo:    50% more reloads

LAW rocket: see above

Satchel Charge: see above

Claymore Mine: see above

Remote Camera: drop the camera somewhere and you can move pan and
zoom the view in the Picture-in-Picture, but little practical use

Laser Target Designator: call in some more fire support


3.9   AUXILIARY GEAR

Following auxiliary gear is available:

Ghillie Suit: makes you almost invisible in grass, great for
snipers, but only on certain terrain.

LAR V rebreather: no need to surface while diving, but also
dresses you in a black diving suit. May help in certain night
missions.

Kevlar vest: gives you some protection against enemy shots

And finally, most of the "secondary equipment" is also available,
if you need more of it.


3.10  ARMORY

You only carry limited weapons and ammo. However, you may
sometimes locate additional sources of ammo in the enemy
buildings, in the form of bullet boxes and grenade boxes. Run
over them and you'll hear a "reload" sound.

In some missions you may also run into first aid boxes.



4    Quick Glossary in DF2

Here are some terms used in DF2 that you may need to understand
first.

ALPHA - fire team that provides recon/sniper support

BLACK WIDOW - the helicopter that retrieves/inserts you

BRAVO - that would be you, must perform all main objective tasks

CHARLIE - backup fire team that provides additional cover

COPPERHEAD - artillery/air strike. Technically Copperhead is a
laser-guided cannon round that's precise enough to hit a tank. In
DF2 Copperhead is used as a generic term for fire support.

DOWN - disabled / dead, EX: "Charlie 2 is down!"

FIRE TEAM - basically a pair of soldiers supporting each other,
i.e. buddy system

KING ELEMENTS - everybody under command of King Six, that's you,
and all your buddies.

KING SIX - HQ that issues overall orders

OBJECTIVE - exactly that... where you need to perform your
mission.

TANGO - the letter "T", short for "terrorists"

WP - waypoint, a location you need to go to / go past



5    Various Tactics


5.1  GENERAL TACTICS


5.1.1      Turn ON the goal listing

Hit "G" to turn on the Goal listing. It tells you which goals
have been completed (brown) and which goals are still pending
(white).


5.1.2      Check Commander's map periodically

The map is extremely useful. You can often see where enemies are
and where they are facing. You can use that information to avoid
or flank enemies as you see fit.

Obviously, this map doesn't show all the info, just those visible
from other teammates and other means, so don't rely on this 100%
to tell you that an area is clear. If you see only red X's, it
does NOT mean the area is clear!


5.1.3      Hit enemies where they are NOT expecting you

As the Rogue Warrior Richard Marcinko had said (paraphrased), "I
never play fair. I hit enemies from ambush. I flank them and hit
them in the rear. I don't give them time to react."

You should heed those words. Rogue Warrior, i.e. Richard
Marcinko, is the founder of SEAL Team Six for the US Navy.

Sneak around enemies and shoot them in the back. Shoot them from
long distance. So on and so forth. Alternatively, distract them
(see next hint)


5.1.4      Make noise only as distraction

Sometimes, you need to make noise, just to attract the bad guys'
attention. Then you can flank the enemies and take them from
behind with silenced weapons.

Distract tangos with exploding barrels and such with silenced
weapons, THEN shoot them from another angle. Thrown grenades are
also good distractions.


5.1.5      shoot from as far as possible

You can get hits from as far as 800 meters away, and a single
shot can kill. Thus, there is no need to get any closer unless
terrain prevents you from getting closer.


5.1.6      Use the shot compensator

If you use the scope, you'll see that the range is indicated to
right, and there's another number to the left. That is the shot
compensator to deal with gravity. Bullets DO drop in flight, and
this tells your gun to point a little higher to compensate for
it. Set to the closest 100 meters, rounded up.

For example, fi the range says 148m, set compensator to 200m. Set
it to 200m by default as it doesn't affect accuracy THAT much
even if firing at point-blank targets.


5.1.7      Different firing modes have different uses

There is no need to use burst mode unless you're doing CQB or
need to shoot a lot of enemies from an unstable platform (i.e.
shooting from a chopper). A single shot in almost any part of the
body will kill the enemy.

On the other hand, there are times where you need to go full
auto. Some weapons function better on full auto. The SAW and
MP5SD3 on full auto can be "walked" onto the target, if you have
enough ammo.

Burst mode is when you may need to engage multiple moving enemies
in a hurry. Firing single-shots at a moving target means you need
to be a VERY good marksman, but if you're firing bursts you are
far more likely to score a hit.


5.1.8     Listen for close hits

If you hear bullets slapping the ground near you, FIND SOME COVER
QUICKLY! Someone has seen you and is firing at you! Find some
cover, then displace laterally, THEN peek back out and locate the
threat.

In some scenarios some enemies will seek to pin you down with
covering fire while other enemies advance to engage you at close
range. That's why lateral displacement is a good idea (they head
for your last known position).


5.1.9      how to blow things up

You have basically four choices:

Satchel charge: drop one near the target, run away, hit the radio
trigger. You can drop more than one and hit the trigger to blow
them up all at once. Sometimes, satchel charge is powerful enough
that one charge can destroy two targets... If they're close
enough together.

LAW rocket: one shot will destroy an armored car, or any vehicle
except a tank. It should also take down a helicopter. Tanks and
locomotives take two.

Grenades: you only have a couple, but one or two grenades should
take out a truck. May need more to blow up bigger stuff

Fire support: use the laser designator to call in artillery or
air strike. You have VERY few of these and you need to be VERY
precise with them.


5.2  MOVEMENT TIPS


5.2.1     Almost always crouch, sometimes prone

Crouch gives you almost the same forward speed as stand-up run,
but much stealthier.

Only stand up if you need to peek into a window.

In dangerous areas, go prone.


5.2.2     Descend vertical hills while prone

While the game penalize your health for falls, it does NOT do
much so while you're prone. So you can descend nearly vertical
cliffs without getting killed if you move downhill while prone.
You'll simply slide off, and end up prone at the bottom of the
hill, without a scratch.

This only works if you're facing downhill. If you're looking to
the side, and you slide NOT pointing downhill, then you will
still get hurt.


5.2.3     Clear a room with grenade(s)

Grenades are the best way to clear small rooms. Lob one through
the window or door and watch the fireworks.

On the other hand, grenades do have limited range and may not
kill all enemies in a large room.


5.2.4     Try to expose your RIGHT arm first

As that is your shooting arm in DF2. If you expose your left arm
first, then shoot, you may end up shooting the wall.


5.3  CLOSE QUARTERS COMBAT TACTICS


5.3.1     Get close

Preferably, close enough that you can't miss, which means
directly in the guy's path, but behind him.


5.3.2     If you can't get close... use semi-auto

When you cannot get close enough, stay in cover, use single
shots. Move away after that. AI is sometimes good enough to send
patrols in the direction where the shots came from.


5.3.3     Knife as defense

Sometimes AI patrols will walk right over you if you're prone.
They know you're there, but they can't shoot at you (they only
shoot horizontally or so). However, they are moving too fast for
you to shoot them with your pistol. In this case, take out your
knife and just swing the knife blindly, and you should have a
dead patrol guy.


5.3.4     The gully defense

If you have a large group hunting you, one possibility is to hide
in a gully and wait for enemy to walk right up to you. You can
use the terrain to snipe at the patrols, then if they get close
enough, use your pistol and knife for defense.



6    Hostile Forces and Buildings

Here's a quick summary of the forces you can encounter in DF2


6.1  SOLDIERS

Soldiers come in four types: officers, assault rifle guys,
snipers, and pistoleros.

Note: all soldiers react to noises (unless they are specifically
designated as "deaf" in the mission editor). Thus, noise like
explosion fuel drums, grenades, and so on are excellent
distraction devices.


6.1.1     Officers

Officers are only seen in certain missions and are often unarmed,
as they represent someone you need to capture.


6.1.2      Assault rifle guys

These are your main opponents. Armed with AK-47's (or similar),
they pump out 3-round bursts with virtually infinite ammo, and
some of them have excellent accuracy, even for such an inaccurate
weapon! Go prone and take them out from a distance, or circle
them.


6.1.3     Snipers

Snipers are extremely deadly. You can tell they are around as
they fire one shot at a time, and you better take them out first
before they get you. Many can even go prone!


6.1.4     Pistoleros

These guys are generic officers armed with a pistol. Pistols are
louder with a sharper bark than the snipers. Pistols have lousy
range and bad accuracy, but can still kill you if up close.


6.2  VEHICLES

As for road vehicles, you can see pickup trucks, BRDM armored
cars, and T-7x series tanks. There are also trucks and other
jeeps, I'll just mention those.


6.2.1     Pickup trucks

There are smaller pickups, usually with one or two gunmen riding
in the bed, these often chase you, and the gunmen in the back can
be trouble. Either blow it up with M4w/GL, a LAW, or grenades.


6.2.2     BRDM

BRDM is a light armored car with a heavy machine gun. It may
sometimes be referred to as a tank, but it's not. It's just an
armored car, and a single hit from a LAW or 3-4 hits from a M203
grenade will destroy it. 2-3 regular grenades under the vehicle
will also blow it up.

That heavy machine gun has a LOT of range and fires 3-round
bursts.


6.2.3     T-7x series tank

This main battle tank (MBT) has been around for 30+ years in one
form or another. One LAW may not kill one. Best way is to call in
a Copperhead round.


6.2.4     Other vehicles

You may also encounter civilian vehicles such as older Range
Rovers, HUMVEEs, empty pickup trucks, empty large trucks, and so
on. Single grenade will take care of one.


6.3  AIR THREATS

Air threats are just that... threats that come from the air, and
that means helicopters. Your only weapon against helicopters is a
LAW rocket, and we all know how hard it is to hit a non-stable
subject.

Well, technically you can use the grenade thrower too, but you
need 3-4 hits to bring one down, and I doubt you'll survive that
long.

When you try to shoot one, it's best to HIDE behind a hill, then
when it flies over, shoot its rear end with your LAW.

If you must do a head-on pass, try to get as HIGH as possible, so
the chopper has to CLIMB in order to expose its chin guns, then
you have a few more seconds to shoot.

And definitely use the scope. AND anticipate the flight time.
Best to wait until either the chopper is heading away or directly
toward you.



7    Structures

You will encounter a variety of structures, but most of them are
the "same", just different combinations.


7.1  SIMPLE BUILDINGS

These can be destroyed with a bit of explosives.


7.1.1     Tents

The fabric is light enough that you can shoot THROUGH it, but you
can't see through it, so be careful. Enemy shots can also
penetrate the tent.

A tent has one entrance on each end, so one trick is to make a
sound on one end, then sneak around the other end and peek inside
for people you can shoot in the back, preferably with a silenced
pistol or a knife.

A tent can be blown up with 1 or 2 grenade hits.


7.1.2     Camouflaged shelters

These look like a "nest", and have 2 entrances to one side. They
look semi-transparent and enemies inside may be able to see
through and shoot out. Be very careful when approaching one of
these.

One of these can be blown up with one or two grenades.


7.2  TOWERS

Lookout towers allows enemies to see further and shoot further.


7.2.1     Lookout tower

This is a relatively tall tower with one guard on top. Snipe the
guard is best, or sneak up and use the knife on him if no one
else can see you and he's looking the other way.


7.2.2     Big tower

This multi-story tower with ramps going up has LOTS of room on
top for snipers and lookouts. Expect up to four shooters on top.


7.3  GENERAL BUILDINGS

These are relatively simple buildings, minimal partitions inside.


7.3.1     Large Building

This large building has 2 entrances on opposite corners, and both
sides have huge windows. It has normal sloped roofs.

These are easy to clear if you take out the windows and see who's
inside.


7.3.2     Medium Building

These look like an aluminum can split in half vertically, then
laid flat on the ground. Entrance and two small windows on both
sides, often used as barracks (with bunk beds inside)

Make noise on one end and then go in the other end with your
silenced pistol.


7.3.3     Bunkers

Regular bunker has one entrance in the back, and a wide firing
port in front.

Best way to clear them is use sniper rifle and shoot them through
the firing port. The second best way is to approach it from the
side, then sneak in the back and kill each guy with a knife.


7.3.4     Hangar

Hangar is basically a roof with sloped walls, WIDE openings on
both ends, very easy to see through, which can be a problem.


7.4  ADVANCED BUILDINGS

These buildings are more complicated, usually with multiple
rooms, multiple stories, and so on.


7.4.1     2-story "apartment" building

The 2-story building has six windows on each side, one door in,
stairs up to 2nd floor and roof, multiple rooms on each level

Take out any one on the roof if you can, sniper the windows or
use explosives to break all the windows, then pick out the
snipers at every window, then sneak in and clear each floor. Go
in prone and stay prone as you don't want any one from outside to
be able to see you inside.


7.4.2     Comm center

Comm center has two doors, and lots of windows. Go in the door,
prone and see if you can clear out the first floor without
revealing yourself in the windows. Peek into each room and blast
tangos. Then come back out and sneak up the stairs outside in
order to reach the final room. The room has one entrance, but a
big open window. If you don't care if the room's trashed, throw
in a grenade or two.


7.4.3     Prison

The prison has only one way in... through the gate. However, it
is best to take out the guard at the entrance tower, then climb
the tower and look down to see if there's any ambush from just
inside the prison gate. An ambush there can be deadly. Drop
grenades if you need to. Then sneak inside and clear one room at
a time, slowly without being seen. If any one sees you they may
kill the prisoners.


7.4.4     Fort

This structure has a front "gate" similar to a prison, and into
that is a courtyard, where hostiles can hide. Once inside you
have a room to the left, stairs up, stairs right, and an exit to
the side door on the right. On the upper floor, the 2 sets of
stairs are connected by a corridor, which leads into the big
room.

Best way to attack a fort is through the side door. Look at the
side door from a distance to make sure there's no one there (or
kill him if you do spot someone). Sneak in prone, and get to
where the stairs merge and the main entrance is. Clear the
"courtyard", then into that "left" room (watch for ambush from
the corners!) Then get to main entrance, and take the stairs on
your RIGHT. Head up and clear the corridor, past the other set of
stairs, and finally, clear the big room.


7.4.5     HQ with raised barracks

This is probably the toughest building to clear if you're alone.
The main building itself is sort of S-shaped, with entrances on
both "sides". The main branch has a ladder leading up to a
section on stilts.

To attack, put a grenade or two into the upper section, then go
around the "back" and enter THAT way, and clear room by room,
VERY SLOWLY.


7.4.6     Advanced bunker

Advanced bunker has one entrance, but FOUR firing slits covering
all sides.

To defeat advanced bunker, snipe the guards through the slits,
THEN sneak in and take out the rest


7.5  TROPICAL BUILDINGS

These buildings can be found in a tropical setting


7.5.1     Wooden raised building

A wooden raised building has a single door and a small "patio"
that has a "ramp" on either side leading to ground level. No
windows to see through.

You can go prone and slide up the ramp, and stay prone, slide up
to entrance, and peek inside. Throwing a grenade or two inside is
also a valid tactic.

This building is actually destructible. With enough firepower you
can blow the structure up.


7.5.2     Wooden raised mansion

The mansion has a building with partitions, then a "corridor"
leading to a white tower (that can be climbed from inside).

Clear the other side first, through the entrance, check rooms to
left, then go through corridor and check top of tower.


7.5.3     Barn

A barn has two main entrances, plus at least one small side
entrance. There would be stalls for animals on both sides.

To clear a barn, it's best to take a peek from the main entrance
to ascertain where the enemies are, then see if the side entrance
will allow you to enter unmolested, then you can perfect your
stealth attacks.


7.6  DESERT BUILDINGS


7.6.1     Small hut

The small hut has a single room, one door, and 2-3 windows.

If you are far away, shoot through the door or the window. If
you're close, toss a grenade through the door.


7.6.2     Large hut with roof access

The large hut has a side room and 2 back rooms, plus a "net" to
climb up to the roof. Windows all around.

Most large huts occupied by enemies have guards standing on the
roof. Take them out first. Then look through the door and windows
long-distance and see if you can take out the guards that way.
Then sneak in the front door, prone, clear the first room to
left, then clear the last two rooms. Grenades are helpful but not
required. Watch for prone enemies and/or enemies hiding in
corners.



8    Quick Missions Walkthru

For each and every mission, you get a list of the actual goals,
suggested weapons, and suggested approaches.


8.1   SIX OF ONE

Briefing: we have located six SCUD launchers believed to have
biological warheads. Demolish them.

Situation: there's light snow falling. Ground has a bit of snow
cover. SCUD launchers are in groups of 2, 2, 1, and 1. The last
one is inside the armed camp, with heavy guard presence and
roving patrols throughout the perimeter.

Goals: demolish all six SCUD launchers

NOTE: you have limited fire support available, use them wisely.

Suggested outfit: bring a sniper rifle and as many satchel
charges as you can fit. Call in fire support on the rest.

Suggested tactics: Stealth is preferred, but not required. Just
sneak up on one group at a time, shoot guards (preferably using
silenced weapons), and drop one satchel pack at each SCUD
launcher. Deal with roving patrols, then snipe the guards in the
camp and call in some arty on the remaining launchers.

Walkthru: Move forward until you see your first two launchers,
and kill the two guards beside them. Look to left and spot two
more guards. Shoot them if you can. Else just watch them. Drop
satchel charges on the first two launchers. Carefully move toward
next waypoint. Take care of the guards from a distance or move in
with silenced weapons. Keep moving and you should spot the
antenna in the distance. That's the enemy camp. Look all around
and take out any guards from a distance. Watch out for patrols.
Look for guards though windows and doors. There's one SCUD
outside the base alone by itself. Destroy it with grenades or
call in artillery. Finally, find a good spot and call in
artillery on the final SCUD launcher inside the base.


8.2   STOLEN GOODS

Briefing: One of our military couriers was ambushed and the
biocontaminant he was carrying is now in the hands of a
paramilitary group. Retrieve it from enemy camp.

Situation: It's night time, the briefcase is in an enemy camp,
patrols are about.

Goals: Retrieve the briefcase, make to extraction point, Black
Widow must survive

NOTE: enemy reinforcements will come over the hill, watch out for
them.

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle or M-4 w/ shotgun

Suggested tactics: stealth if you can, but it's not required.

Walkthru: It's night time, so your nightvision is on. Crouch and
move slowly up the path and be /ready to engage enemy. One's
hiding next to the arch/ruins to your right on the path. There
are 2-3 more to your left, slightly below. Continue through
waypoints until you're approaching main camp. Go prone and take
out as many guards as you can from up high. If you heard a
warning for reinforcements, that means they're coming over the
big hill (behind you). Take them out, then clear out the rest of
the camp. When done, go down and explore the northern-most tent.
The briefcase is inside. Escape to extraction waypoint and kill
any remaining guards. When Black Widows gets overhead, you win!


8.3   FRONT RUNNER

Briefing: Rebels have hijacked a convoy of relief supplies.
Rescue the drivers being held hostage in the main building,
escort them to the trucks, then escort the trucks out of hostile
territory.

Situation: You're landing via parachute. Enemy camp has multiple
buildings. The three trucks are nearby. Enemy may have
reinforcements.

Goals: Rescue all 3 drivers, all 3 trucks must reach extraction
point

NOTE: rebels can and will shoot hostages if you give them a
chance.

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle, silenced pistol, at least one LAW
rocket

Suggested tactics: no stealth is really needed, but it's nice to
have

Walkthru: You start parachute in. You can try to shoot the two
tangos from the air. Hide on hills to left and approach camp.
Shoot all tangos visible, esp. in windows and doorways, and
balconies. Shoot reinforcements running in. Circle the camp
carefully and make sure no one is visible. Switch to pistols and
clear each and every building except the "hotel" where the
hostages are being held (it's the largest building). When ready,
go inside, kill FOUR guards on first floor. Then slowly move up
the stairs and take out one last guard, and the hostages are
free. Run up to them and they'll run down to the trucks. The rest
of friendlies will also run to the trucks, and so should you.
Your teammates should have cleared the area but help them just in
case. Then run ahead of the convoy and kill the few tangos in
your way. Should be simple enough. Shoot tangos when you see
them. When convoy arrives at extraction point, you win!


8.4   PAYBACK

Briefing: Rebel armored group attacked a UN peacekeeping force.
Track them down and call in fire support to destroy rebel armor.

Situation: You are dropped quite a long way from enemy camp, it's
daylight time, and hills are green. Expect patrols near the base,
and guards. You may not have enough fire support to take out all
the tanks so some demolition may be required.

Goals: destroy all tanks in enemy compound. Escape to extraction
point.

NOTE: Limited fire support available.

Suggested outfit: one or two satchel charges for the tanks.
You'll need an assault rifle or sniper rifle for the guards and
any patrols outside.

Suggested tactics: No need to keep quiet, blast everyone you see.

Walkthru: Follow the waypoints until you get close to waypoint
charlie. You'll see a barracks down into the valley, with some
tents and a house. Turn right a bit and you'll see about 10
tangos right at the valley's entrance. Shoot them now, or they'll
shoot you as you run by. By now Alpha is probably blabbing
"Bravo's compromised!"  Ignore that. Just keep going. Shoot more
tangos, one of them is on the hill to right of alpha team.
Charlie will shoot the compound along with Alpha, but it's your
job (with sniper rifle) to take out as many guards as you can.
Then use the laser designator to take out as many tanks as you
can see from your angle. There should be a total of FOUR tanks to
get rid of, two outside, one partially under the roof, and one
inside the curved roof. Put a fire mission between the two tanks
to get rid of two, then take out that other tank. Finally, sneak
into the base (after circling it once to make sure no more
tangos) and demolish the last tank with a satchel charge.


8.5   POSSE

Briefing: Rebel arms train is about to reach the border. Stop the
train, and kill all the train guards. Do NOT cross the border
yourself.

Situation: Absolutely do NOT cross the border. Enemy firepower is
overwhelming, but they will NOT shoot UNLESS you cross over.
Rebels on this side are messy enough! Keep the rebel on THIS
SIDE!  You're just landing and the train will be here in a few
minutes. About 10 rebels are running through the pass toward the
border ahead of the train. Additional guards on the train itself.

Goals: Stop the train before it crosses the border, kill all the
guards on the train.

NOTE: The locomotive will need TWO LAW hits... or drop a satchel
on the tracks and blow it up as the locomotive go by.

Suggested outfit: bring 2-4 LAW rockets, and a sniper rifle or M4
w/ grenade launcher.

Suggested tactics: instead of following the waypoint, just land
and run to the left a bit, straight at the train. You can see it
in the distance. Aim for the hill next to the train, ignore the
helicopters. Stop the train first, then clear out the guards.
Ignore the infantry in the pass. They are not a factor at all
unless they double back to shoot at you.

Walkthru: Head for the hill next to the train a bit to your left.
IGNORE the waypoints. When you get there, the first helicopter
should have already left, and the second helicopter is behind
you. The train should be just about coming. Put 2 LAWs into the
locomotive and that will stop it WAY short of the border.
(Remember to lead the target!)  then go prone and pick off all
the guards, and that's it!

While there's a fight toward the border, it's not important, as
least not from the list of goals. Though if you shoot at their
back, some may double back and shoot at you.


8.6   PLAYBOOK

Briefing: We've found an enemy communications center. Get inside,
take the codebook, then demolish the comm center.

Situation: One checkpoint on the road to the comm center. The
center itself has fence, guard towers, and more. Plus roving
guards inside.

Goals: obtain codebook, destroy comm center

Suggested outfit: satchel charge, assault rifle

Suggested tactics: take out the checkpoint, then destroy the base
itself.

Walkthru: Follow the waypoints and you should see the checkpoint,
so kill tangos there. Chuck a grenade at the truck. Don't let it
escape.  Clear the checkpoint of all hostiles. Continue toward
the comm center. You may encounter some roving patrols. Take care
of them. Go a bit to your left, and use the hill as cover. Snipe
the guards from the towers, and the entrance checkpoints. Then
look into the building windows, and shoot through to take out the
guards. Look between buildings for more guards. Circle the comm
center from the outside, look for more guards to shoot from every
angle before moving in. Once in, clear the bottom floor first,
then go up to second floor and clear that. Claim the codebook.
Drop a satchel charge here. If you want you can drop another one
downstairs. Run for extraction point and detonate the explosives.
Kill additional tangos as you head toward the extraction point.


8.7   DECEPTION

Briefing: A rebel supply convoy has just left the rebel base. We
can't let that convoy reaches its destination, but we can't get
in front of it. We will attack the base, find the codebook, and
call the convoy back, so we can attack it.

Situation: It's a long run to the enemy base, and you need to
shoot enemies as fast as you can. Then grab the codebook and be
ready for the ambush...

Goals: kill everybody in enemy base, call convoy back, destroy
convoy

NOTE: if you take too long, the convoy will NOT turn back

Suggested outfit: max LAW rockets, M4 w/ Grenade Launcher,

Suggested tactics: this one is brute force all the way. Run and
kill guards as you find them. Head toward the base and attack
when the rest of the team runs in. Shoot bad guys ASAP. Your team
will help clear the base. The ambush is easy enough.

Walkthru: Follow the waypoint, kill one guard ahead, then follow
the turn and kill more guards. Keep going until you can almost
see the camp. Try to get on top of a hill. When the rest of your

team attack, pick off the shooters in the enemy camp of those you
can see (one is hiding in a broken house, very hard to spot!) and
quickly claim the codebook from the radio tent in the far end.
There's likely 2 guards inside. Once the radio codebook's
claimed, pick your LAW and head back out, find a good spot to
ambush, and go prone. The convoy will arrive after a few minutes.
When ready, put a LAW or grenade into the lead vehicle, then a
LAW into the armored car. A group of guards will rush your
position but your teammates should cut them down. Backtrack the
route and destroy every vehicle (should be like 2 armored cars
and 4 trucks total). If the game insist you did not kill
everybody in the camp, you may have missed one or two patrols as
you approached the camp from insertion. Go back and kill them.
Then the mission will end.


8.8   HOLIDAY

Briefing: Group of tourists has been taken hostage by a terrorist
group. Liberate the hostages, defend them until Black Widow can
arrive to extract them.

Situation: It's night and you have to infiltrate a terrorist
camp. Guards are about, and there's a second camp you will run
into

Goals: liberate hostages, escort hostages to roof, all hostages
must survive

Suggested outfit: Bring the MP5SD3 and the silenced .45. It's
time to go hunting. Bring extra ammo may help.

Suggested tactics: Stealth is preferred, but not required.

Walkthru: Go forward, spot the 2 guards. Take them out with
silenced weapons. Continue following the waypoints. You'll run
into the "2nd camp" with 2 structures and some armored cars, with
some guards. Sneak close and drop a grenade on each. Then get to
the other camp on the other side of the hill. Go low and sneak
close, prone. Then use silenced weapons and take out all the
external guards, each at one of those firing positions. Then
sneak inside, and clear 1st and 2nd floor. Third is locked, and
there's one more tango next to the 3 hostages on the 4th floor.
Do NOT approach the hostages yet. Get up to the roof and look
over the edge for tangos. They should be shooting at you, but
they don't really know where you are, so shoot back. Go full
auto, as you need to secure the roof for extraction. Look at
adjacent roofs, between the vehicles, and so on. When you see no
more fire coming, run back down and run into each of the
hostages, thus "freeing them". They will run for the roof. Run
back up to the roof, and the mission should end.


8.9   LIFE GUARD

Briefing: F-16 pilot was shot down behind enemy lines. Get in
there and rescue him.

Situation: Light snow on the ground, lots of enemies, on foot or
on snowcat

Goals: Destroy SAM at small camp, destroy SAM at big camp, rescue
pilot

NOTE: limited fire support available

Suggested outfit: Kevlar vest, extra ammo for the M4 w/ Grenade
Launcher

Suggested tactics: watch out for snipers, keep yourself in cover

Walkthru: Follow the waypoints. When you hear radio about patrol
on the ridge, look right. Two tangos are on the ridge with you.
Take them out. Continue past the ridge and follow the WP until
you come to camp one. Take out the guards, then put a grenade or
two on each SAM launcher. A Snow-cat will approach, take it out.
Take out any snipers in the distance. Continue to next camp.
Snipe at any enemies you can see (quite a few of them). There's
also more tangos on the ridge to your left. When there's no more
shooting, use the target designator and point it at the APC in
the middle of the 3 SAM launchers. That should take out all of
them. Run for the next waypoint, shoot any bad guys you see. As
you get close, you realize he HAS been captured... He's kneeling
on the ground with hands behind his head, and there's a bad guy
next to him! Shoot the bad guy without hitting the pilot. Once
that's done, walk up to him, and he'll run for extraction. Follow
him. When you reach the extraction point, you're done!


8.10  JAILBREAK

Briefing: A UN transport convoy was ambushed by rebels and
captured, and taken to a local town jail. Liberate them. If you
clear the armory, the UN soldiers will defend themselves.

Situation: This is in Europe, supposedly. Green hills and such.

Goals: Rescue all UN soldiers, escort all UN soldiers to
extraction point

NOTE: You can only lose this by getting yourself killed, or
letting ALL of them die.

Suggested outfit: Sniper rifle or M4 w/ shotgun, pistol with
silencer for covert work

Suggested tactics: sneak a bit, take out all the guards around
the perimeter, clear out the armory (the building with a gun
rack), then get into the prison, liberate the prisoners, and
they'll do the rest.

Walkthru: Follow the waypoints and take out the 2 patrols in
front. Then continue following the waypoints until you see the
"river". Go prone and start pick off the guards one by one in and
around the town. Then clear the "town" itself. Clear the two
wooden buildings first, one of which is the armory. There are
grenades on the ground if you had used some already. Next, clear
the entrance of the prison. There are two ways to do this: attack
through the front with grenades and full automatic fire, or climb
up the ladder and shoot the tangos from overhead. Go in slowly
and kill anyone who's armed. Check each and every room. That
should liberate all the prisoners. Run outside and watch them go
into the armory to grab weapons. They'll then rush to the exit
and toward extraction. If you liberated all of them, they should
take care of any one standing in their way, though it never hurts
to help them out. Keep running until you reach a flat area and
two Blackhawks arrive to pick you all up.


8.11  SUDDEN IMPACT

Briefing: We're going to attack the enemy camp, expect heavy
resistance. The 3 vehicle convoy must be escorted to the camp so
the attack can take place.

Situation: Green woodland area, expect lots of resistance.

Goals: Convoy must reach enemy base, eliminate all enemies from
enemy camp

Suggested outfit: M4 w/ grenade launcher or M40 sniper rifle,
bring at least 2 LAWs

Suggested tactics: shooting all the way

Walkthru: Look forward and take out one patrol next to the tree.
Run forward and look left down toward the road, and kill tangos.
Look slight left through the tree and shoot more tangos. Go
forward but be ready to hide as there are more shooters ahead.
Take them all out. Run forward and hide next to the trees. A
pickup truck with 2 tangos should approach, take out the tangos,
and the truck will crash. Or destroy the truck with grenades.
Continue as the road makes right turn. You should hear warning
about the enemy helicopter coming in. Arm LAW and get ready. Hide
at the bottom of the hill, then as it passes, climb the hill and
give it a parting present. Alternatively, you can wait until it
turns back to strafe the convoy. It'll be like moving directly
toward you, so feed it a LAW, and it goes boom. (If you miss with
both shots, restart the mission as you are f***ed, but you can
try the M4's grenades if you really want to). Help clean out the
base. Quite a few friendlies from the convoy will rush the base.
Help them clean out the buildings and the surrounding area. When
you have taken out all the hostiles, mission will end.


8.12  MOTORCADE

Briefing: A US Senator on a country-side tour was hijacked. His
limo is being escorted by hostile armored cars to an enemy camp.
We are inserting your team just outside to enemy camp to
intercept the convoy. Rescue the senator by escorting the limo to
the extraction point!

Situation: Green / brown land, hilly terrain, enemy patrols are
all over the place, as well as enemies inside the camp and with
the convoy

Goals: destroy the 4 armored cars escorting the limo, escort limo
to extraction point

NOTE: no time for fire support. You hit with all 4 LAWs, or
you'll have a hard time.

Suggested outfit: 4 LAWs, and a sniper rifle

Suggested tactics: you need good timing and fast but accurate
shots

Walkthru: Start by crossing the bridge, and head up the hill.
You'll see two tangos just below you to the left. Take them out,
but don't expose yourself to fire from the camp itself. Turn
right and look up the hill, then more to the right, and up. Two
tangos up there too. Take them out. Then run up the closer hill
on its right side, and switch to LAW. Run just far enough to see
the convoy coming in. HIT the first BRDM. You'll need to lead it
SLIGHTLY. Wait for the second one to stop. Then kill the other
three. Switch back to sniper rifle and shoot all the tangos you
can see following the convoy, and some more in the camp itself.
The limo should be making its escape, but alpha and charlie will
escort it. Do NOT follow the limo! Shoot a couple guys at the
camp, then run back to the bridge ASAP. You'll see like 6
soldiers lined up on the bridge shooting down at the riverbed
where the limo is. Clear the bridge ASAP or they'll destroy the
limo and kill your fellow soldiers! Once the bridge is clear, run
down next to the limo, and Black Widow will come in and rescue
you all.


8.13  TAPS

Briefing: Rebels have seized a government supply depot. Destroy
the comm center to prevent them from calling for help, then kill
all rebels in the area.

Situation: One comm center, guarded, one supply base, guarded,
possible enemy helicopter on patrol.

Goals: Kill all rebels

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle, and 2 LAWs, plus others.

Suggested tactics: Take out the comm center first, or else you'll
get choppers on your rear end. Then just kill everybody.

Walkthru: Follow waypoint until you spot the comm center. It has
2 big antennas on the roof. Get close enough, and put a LAW into
each antenna. Now you can kill all enemies without helicopters to
bother you. (Else, expect to see up to 4 choppers) Kill all
guards you see, then kill all the guards around the base, AND the
patrols. Circle the base to make sure no one else is alive...
Then go into the base and kill all others.


8.14  HIGHER BIDDER

Briefing: Assault the renegade Russian general's base with his
elite guard, who are now mercenaries.

Situation: Winter attack, lots of towers surround the base. Take
out the towers and patrols then take out as many defenders in the
base as possible, before heading in.

Goals: Kill all hostiles in Objective Icebox (the base)

NOTE: This one is extremely tough, death comes in every
direction. Second toughest quick mission.

Suggested outfit: Barrett 50 cal sniper rifle, at least one LAW,
preferably three.  Delayed grenades are better.

Suggested tactics: Slowly take out the towers one at a time,
watch for patrols, then take care of the armored car if it has
left the base, else take out the guards in the base as many as
you can. Get down to base. There are snipers in the base itself.
Move carefully and take out all the guards. Then assault the main
building and take out any remaining resistance.

Walkthru: Set range compensator to 300 m. Then go to hill on your
left (one plant there) and look for a tower to your right... Kill
the tower guy. Look for a 2-man patrol coming from the tower,
kill them. Look at commander's map and slowly pick off each and
every tower that is visible as you creep around the hill. When
those are all gone, move up the hill of the first tower, and see
another tower, so shoot the tango on it. Move up to the tent...
Shoot through the tent and you'll blow up the furnaces... Killing
the 2 guards inside (don't get too close!) though a grenade would
work as well. Look beyond the tent and kill the rest of the
towers, and try not to miss any. Use commander's map for
reference. Now look down and you'll see the base. I recommend you
go north up to the next tower and snipe from there. You get the
angle into the "garage" and can take out the BRDM from here if
you angle it just right. Snipe away at the tangos. Then return to
original spot and snipe from there as well. Try to shoot the
tangos up on the two raised structures, though if you're lazy you
can just put a LAW into each one. When ready, get to the
entrance, and peek inside. Shoot more tangos. If you're facing
the entrance, first clear everybody that's visible. Then go right
from entrance and clear barracks. Then clear the garage. Some may
hide just behind door while others hide behind explosive barrels.
Explode the barrels, and go in the "backdoor". Then clear the
garage. When you've cleared all the visible guards, 2 Spetnaz
commandos land via parachute into the camp and take up defensive
stations. Finally, clear the HQ, and you're done! Easier said
than done, of course. Use one grenade every room in the HQ, and
use your pistol, not your rifle for CQB. Don't use the "front'
door facing the entrance, but rather, go around the "back" door
from the garage, follow the wall. Use delayed grenades so if you
made a mistake you get a chance to run away. Keep moving slowly
room to room, toss a grenade around every corner that may have
enemies and eventually you'll get to the general... Kill him and
it's over.


8.15  BOOT CAMP

Briefing: We have located a terrorist training camp. Kill all
hostiles.

Situation: You're in something close to Afghanistan... Snow on
the mountains, with brown hills. Almost no cover. Hostiles are
divided into at least three "teams" each lead by a mercenary
officer (who wears grey / black) while the trainees wear white.
The camp itself may contain additional tangos. Take out the
leaders first, then the trainees, then assault the camp.

Goals: Kill all hostiles

Suggested outfit: M40 sniper rifle, with LOTS and LOTS of ammo.

Suggested tactics: stay covert as much as possible. You really
want to take out the leaders before you take out any one else.

Walkthru: Follow waypoints, and you'll see one group near you.
Survey it, don't let them see you, and take out the leader in the
first shot. Then slowly pick off the rest. One group down. Zoom
out to see the second group, repeat the process. Remember to stay
in cover! Head up to the camp and you may spot the third group to
northwest, repeat. Then clean out the camp by sniping everybody
that's visible, then head northeast so you can "circle" the camp,
shooting at more tangos. Then move in slowly and clear each and
every building.

Don't be surprised when Alpha and Charlie teams got wiped out.
They simply rush the camp and were overwhelmed by superior
firepower. Just keep doing your bit and you can still salvage the
mission if you finish the objective.


8.16  SWAMP RAT

Briefing: Terrorists have seized a small airport. Go inside and
free the hostages, and make sure they survive. You fail if ANY of
the hostages died.

Situation: Swampy land, some easily visible "pungi stake traps"
in the marshy part.

Goals: Kill hostiles at airport, escort hostages to extraction,
ALL hostages must survive

Suggested outfit: MP5-SD3 and silenced pistol

Suggested tactics: perform the first portions like a stealth
mission. You can vastly increase your kill numbers if you have a
bit of patience.

Walkthru: Jog to first waypoint, then crouch and move forward at
a WALKING pace. Zoom out and watch the map closely. Rotate left
and right 90 degrees to scan for targets. The heavy fog means you
can see things out of corner of your eye, but not in front
(weird, heh?) and the scope is almost useless, so don't even
bring a scoped weapon. Keep walking in and you'll see that there
is a perimeter of guards in an arc. Get close to one guy, and
take him out using the MP5 in semi-auto to save ammo. If you
really want to, take out the ENTIRE perimeter. Then follow the
waypoint (avoiding those traps) and head onto dry land. Take out
guards as you see them, and clear each building using the minimum
of shots needed. No hostages here. Continue toward next cluster
of buildings, and you should see the planes, one's a charred mess
while the other is fine. Take out guards silently, then continue
to the hangar, and kill guards inside. Look up to airport control
tower (the one with the stairs on the side) and kill guards up
there. Sneak up if you have to. Then kill the guard down at the
barrack buildings (the 2 that look like half of an oil drum). The
four hostages are in one of them. Make sure the camp is clear
though. When ready, move in and "touch" all four hostages, who'll
then run for the extraction point. Alpha and Charlie will rush in
and help you out by engaging more hostiles. Follow the hostages
to the extraction point and you're done.


8.17  AUDIT TRAIL

Briefing: US is moving against one of the Colombian drug lords,
and first thing we need is his documents detailing his
"production". Get into the camp, get the ledger, and get out.

Situation: This is a night jungle mission, lots of bad guys, esp.
between you and the exit.

Goals: obtain the ledger, reach extraction

Suggested outfit: M40 sniper rifle

Suggested tactics: sniper mission, meaning long distance
takedowns as much as possible.

Walkthru: You start in the grass. Move forward slight, hide next
to a tree, and observe the area ahead: a couple shacks and such.
Lots of guards though. When you're ready, start picking them off
one at a time. There should be close to 10. Do a bit of lateral
displacement after every 3-4 shots. Spot more targets with
binoculars, then shoot some more. When it seems to be clear,
sneak toward the buildings, one tree at a time. Head to the LEFT
of the buildings (enemies to your right) and take out the few
enemies you weren't able to see before. When you're ready, head
for the main compound. There's this one mini-fort, and a couple
buildings to its side. Again, take out the tangos from as far as
possible. Use binoculars to scan for targets and eliminate them.
Get into the main building by eliminating the guards (quite a few
at the entrance, more inside). Probably best to go prone and use
the silenced pistol one shot at a time. Look in and see one
guard's foot higher up the stairs, so shoot him there. There are
two staircases up. Go up the one to the RIGHT, go up slowly, and
take out one guard on top. Go into last room, kill 2 guards, and
the ledger is on the desk. Get it, and come back down. Eliminate
the rest of the guards if you want. Else, sneak out and head
toward extraction. However, there are problems... At least 10,
likely more tangos are in your way. At least 5 are near the
bridge, and more beyond. Again, go prone, use binoculars to spot
enemies, and take them out from a distance. Keep shooting tangos
until you can make it to the extraction point.


8.18  HELPING HAND

Briefing: Enemy intelligence officer wishes to defect, but the
news leaked, and he was being chased. You will eliminate the
roadblock, then deal with any pursuing forces, to ensure the
safety of the defector's HUMVEE.

Situation: African hills, no vegetation, LOTS and LOTS of
enemies, possible enemy air support

Goals: Eliminate hostiles from roadblock, make sure the friendly
HUMVEE survives.

NOTE: Probably the TOUGHEST quick mission, this one will have you
retrying many times.

Suggested outfit: M-4 w/ grenade launcher, max number of LAWs
available. If you are VERY sure of your shots, then bring a
kevlar vest, as you'll get hit A LOT

Suggested tactics: speed is of the essence, forget stealth.

Walkthru: Advance and slide right a bit until you can see the
roadblock (a BRDM, trucks, a HUMVEE, and many tangos) Quickly
shoot all visible tangos at roadblock, clear it ASAP. Many tangos
will charge you, shoot them all. Charge up the hill to your
slight right, go around it, and shoot any tango beyond it (2 or
more), and you should see the BRDM (from behind!) Destroy the
BRDM with 3 shots from the grenade launcher, and kill any
remaining tangos.  (NOTE: You MUST clear the entire roadblock or
the defector's HUMVEE will NOT survive!) Wait for the HUMVEE to
come through the pass, but climb on top of the hill and shoot
tangos approaching. An enemy chopper (Gazelle?) will be here any
moment. Feed it a LAW ASAP. Start backing up and pop some
grenades over the hill. Run after the HUMVEE, toss a few more,
then keep running. Every couple seconds, turn back and engage
with grenades or grenade launcher. The explosions will slow them
down. When you're almost caught up with the HUMVEE, you should
get a radio call that a SECOND chopper (looks like Mi-24 Hind) is
heading in from the East. Arm LAW (you should have 2-3 left).
Look for east, find, activate scope, and shoot the incoming
chopper. If you got the second chopper, then zig-zag up the hill
and then the other team will help you kill the rest of the
incoming hostiles. Else just keep running to the extraction
point, as the HUMVEE should already be there, and Black Widow
should be arriving any time.



9    Campaign 1 Walkthru: Operation Common Resolve

Twenty-four hours ago, we lost contact with one of the most top
secret bio labs in Antarctica. Satellite shows heavy damage to
area. Someone may be after the germs...


9.1   COLD STORAGE

Briefing: Unknown hostiles have taken over the research facility.
Terminate all hostiles. Preserve as many civilians as you can,
but do not let that interfere with your mission.

Situation: Snow, snow, and more snow. Some buildings, some
snipers...

Goals: Eliminate all hostiles from the facility

NOTE: Enemies inside and outside, beware of counterattack, fast-
reacting hostiles

Suggested outfit: M4 w/ GL, silenced SOCOM

Suggested tactics: with a bit of help, you can play this half
stealth, half Rambo.

Walkthru: Sneak up to the edge of the base, between the two
guards. One's looking left to your left, while the other is to
your right patrolling. As the one to right turns his back, Use
pistol on the guy to your left. Then put a grenade into the upper
floor to take care of the sniper. The rest of the team will
assault the other entrances, so you just enter via the side
entrance (to left). Clear the two buildings to your left, at
least one, possibly more tangos in there. Then slowly move in
with pistol and clear the big building next to entrance (with the
second story on top). Some civilians may get killed, but that's
life. Move in slowly and clear one room at a time. Then head for
the dome and clear that as well. Usually one guard on upper
floor, and multiple guards in the main room. After that, 3 tangos
will mount a counterattack, but it should be easily repelled by
your teammates. And that should be all.

Go to next mission: WHITE-OUT


9.2   WHITE-OUT

Briefing: We have located the hostile force's base and we will
attack it at once to retrieve the virus they have stolen.

Situation: More snow, lots of snow

Goals: Eliminate all hostiles

NOTE / SPOILER: two of the choppers will escape, you can't do
anything about it. Even if you manage to bring lots of LAWs and
you DID kill every chopper, you will go to the next mission.

Suggested outfit: M4 w/ GL, etc.

Suggested tactics: nothing really to it, just kill everyone you
find in the base

Walkthru: Engage the patrols, follow the waypoints, and engage
enemy in the camp. At least two of the choppers will take off.
Doesn't matter if you bring them down or not. Kill all hostiles,
destroy all the tents and such you see. Eventually you'll get the
order to evacuate, as there's nothing here. Just follow the other
guys, who'll gun down the folks trying to ambush your way home.
Run to the polynya (ice hole) where the sub conning tower is...
And the mission should end.

Go to next mission: AIR MAIL


9.3   AIR MAIL

Briefing: A terrorist group named Da'nil seems to be responsible
for the attack and theft of the biocontaminant. They have been
tracked to Uganda, to this small airport. Infiltrate the place
and search each building and plane for the package.

Situation: Sunny jungle of Africa... Lots of visibility, though
tangos now wear green camo.

Goals: search all buildings, search all planes, kill all hostiles

NOTE: Watch for pungi stick traps at the bottom of some hills.

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle, maybe extra ammo

Suggested tactics: Sneak and snipe, sneak and snipe

Walkthru: Move forward and follow waypoints until you spot the
two LARGE watchtowers. Take out the guards on the towers from
here, then find a spot and go prone to snipe everybody in the
airport. Figure about 2 dozen tangos on the airport premise.
Displace laterally to look for targets hiding behind buildings
and such. When clear, check the 2 planes, but be careful as there
may still be tangos hiding inside the buildings.

Select from following choices: DEMOLITION 101, or BLIND SIDE


9.4   DEMOLITION 101

Briefing: Da'Nil's motor pool (vehicle yard) has been located.
Get in there and destroy all trucks, boats, and the helicopter.

Situation: Hilly African jungle terrain, some grass but not much,
some cover available

Goals: Destroy all vehicles, destroy all boats, destroy
helicopter, escape to extraction point

NOTE: Limited fire support available, use wisely!

Suggested outfit: You MAY want extra laser designators, or even a
few LAWs, along with your M4 w/ GL.

Suggested tactics: Sneak and designate.

Walkthru: Follow the waypoints, and either kill the patrols or
sneak around them. You should come to the ridge overlooking the
vehicle yard. Designate the helicopter first, then the boat, then
the trucks. Snipe all the visible tangos. Move slightly to the
right and take out the tangos on the boat on your side of the
river. Jump on the boat and it will take you across.
(Alternatively, you can swim across yourself) Remember to save
one fire mission for the boat itself.  Destroy the rest of the
trucks and/or BRDMs, if any had survive the previous barrages, or
were hidden between buildings and thus unseen till now. Kill more
tangos if you find them, then it's time to go.

Go to either BLIND SIDE (if not completed) or HOLD UP


9.5   BLIND SIDE

Briefing: Take out the comm center in the area to stop their
coordination.

Situation: Night mission, hilly terrain, enemy has lots of
patrols and such.

Goals: Destroy 2 long range antennas, destroy 3 satellite dishes,
get to extraction point

NOTE:

Suggested outfit: Bring 2+ LAWs, and sniper rifle or M4 w/ GL

Suggested tactics: sneak as much as possible. No need to engage
enemy troops except to cut down on enemy reactions.

Walkthru: Easiest way is to follow the waypoint and take out the
patrols until you can see the watchtower. Sneak up to it, and
climb onto it, and kill the tangos on the top floor with the
silenced pistol. Use the top floor as your launch platform. You
can see the 3 satellite dishes and the 2 antennas on top of the
hill. Shoot one LAW at the antenna to the RIGHT, and the
explosion should take out both antennas. Duck back a bit and move
around. Then put the other LAW into the middle satellite dish.
Boom! Mission accomplished. Now, take out the sniper rifle and
take out all the visible enemies. There are little sandbagged
positions at each entrance, and shooters are in each one. More
shooters running inside the camp, and hiding along the fences,
plus one or two inside the buildings. Take them all out. Then
move to extraction, where friendlies should have cleared a path
for you.

Go to DEMOLITIONS 101 (if not completed) or HOLD UP


9.6   HOLD UP

Briefing: We spotted a convoy that may be carrying the virus.
Stop the convoy, take out all escorts, and check the trucks.

Situation: Heavy fog in the area, use corner of your eye to spot
targets, and react quickly to new targets. Use the minimap to
warn yourself about enemies. Remember to sidestep.

Goals: Stop the convoy, eliminate escorts, inspect each truck

Suggested outfit: Bring at least 2 LAWs, and M4 w/ GL

Suggested tactics: run really fast until you can see patrols,
take care of them, then intercept the convoy, put a LAW into the
leading BRDM, then another into the middle one, then shoot all
the guards. Zoom out on the minimap and use that to orient your
ambush.

Walkthru: Not much to it, really. Either engage the 3-men patrol
to your front or skirt them. Follow the waypoints quickly and
engage any guards you spot. You'll soon come to the road where
the convoy will pass. Put a LAW into the lead BRDM, then another
into the one in the middle of the convoy (may want to wait until
the convoy stops). Then engage the guards running up from behind.
Kill all the guards, and walk up to each truck. Nothing found.
Head for the extraction point, kill a couple more tangos, and
that's it.

Go to SPECIAL DELIVERY (if not completed) or POWER TRIP


9.7   SPECIAL DELIVERY

Briefing: Virus package has been split, and one of the pieces is
at Objective Mamba. Secure the site so a CDC team can drop in and
secure the package. Do NOT let ANY vehicles escape.

Situation: Large base with lots of tangos, approaching vehicles
that will leave later, so destroy them ASAP with LAWs.

Goals: Secure perimeter and eliminate hostiles, do NOT let any
vehicles escape

NOTE: Do NOT pick up the virus briefcase! It'll have a bio-hazard
sign on it, easily recognizable.

Suggested outfit: Sniper Rifle, and at least 2 LAW rockets. Extra
ammo may help.

Suggested tactics: Sneak and snipe all the way, too many enemies

Walkthru: Crouch, then move over the hill and take out the guard
at the cabin, the go through and take out the next guard. Go up
the tower and silence the guard on top. Then turn left into the
valley and take out some more guards. Now you need to decide: get
more kills, or get into position earlier. I suggest get into
position earlier, since that little convoy may leave later, and
you need to stop it, and it's easier to stop them when they are,
well, stopped. Follow the waypoints until you're above the
objective, on the ridge. There are quite a few shooters on the
opposite ridge and they can be big problem if you don't find some
cover. Put a LAW into the 2 stopped LandRovers (aim carefully so
one shot will take out both jeeps), then keep the remaining LAW
for other uses. Shoot everyone you can see, including those in
buildings. Keep moving and circle the base, looking for more
tangos to shoot. Head down to the large building where Objective
Mamba is. Kill the guards inside, and under the table is the
package you're looking for. Do NOT enter the building! Kill more
tangos in surrounding buildings and wait for the choppers to
arrive. At least three will land and CDC folks in isolation suits
will go in a secure the package. Then just head toward extraction
point and the mission's over.

Go to POWER TRIP


9.8   POWER TRIP

Briefing: We spotted a Da'Nil lieutenant in a nearby base. Head
in there, cut off his escape, and capture him.

Situation: The base has quite a few defenders, and a chopper is
scheduled to pick him up in a few minutes. Be quick about it!

Goals: Capture the lieutenant, get lieutenant to the boat, the
boat must make to extraction point

Suggested outfit: Bring at least 2 LAWs, and sniper rifle or M4
w/ GL

Suggested tactics: this one is speed, and a bit of running around
enemies

Walkthru: This one is tough until you figure out the right
approach. At the beginning, go crouch, then turn left slightly
and go to the LEFT side of the hill. You'll see a hut in the
distance. Turn to aim for its left corner, then a little further
left of that. Run past the hut (enemies near the hut!) BELOW the
main level. Yes, you can run when the ground's THAT steep. Then
keep running at that altitude on the side of the hill until the
hill start to run out. Then turn right and look for a bunch of
palm trees. You should see two of them tight together forming a
U. That's your objective. Go prone there, and start picking off
each and every tango you can see in the camp. There are 4 on the
boat, all the ones in those little sandbag positions near the
pier, the ones running around, the ones near the tents, and so
on. Shoot all of them. If a chopper comes in and is about to
land, put a LAW into it and have it crash into the camp. Watch
for enemy patrols coming up behind you. When you're pretty sure
you cleared out the camp, head down into camp carefully. You need
to take out one solider in the Lieutenant's tent (the middle
one). Once that's done, head inside, and the Lieutenant will
kneel on the ground with hands behind his head. Walk back to him
and he'll run for the boat, so the camp better be clear! Head to
the boat, jump on, and the boat will leave for the alternate
pier. Kill all tangos on the pier as they come into view from the
boat. Once you killed all of them, the mission ends.


9.9   COUNTER PUNCH

Briefing: Hostiles seem to have moved operations to ex Soviet
Republic of Georgia. Destroy enemy base and kill all hostiles.

Situation: Night mission, green hills

Goals:  kill all hostiles

Suggested outfit: M4 w/ Grenade Launcher, Extra Ammo, and 2 LAWs

Suggested tactics: sneak and snipe, watch for prone enemies

Walkthru: Crouch, and move forward, and take out the patrol next
to the hut. Continue and you should see the base. Find a good
position to go prone and start sniping. Charlie will say that "An
APC is escaping" or something like that. Look for it, kill it if
you can. Then start sniping soldiers inside the base. Watch for
hostiles behind you (watch the minimap periodically) and move
after every couple shots. Try to shoot some grenades into the
tents and such. Much safer than heading down there yourself. When
you got everybody, the mission ends.


9.10  SLEIGHT OF HAND

Briefing: Hostile convoy will be leaving the base. Attack it when
it is at the designated location.

Situation:  Day time attack, lots of hostiles on patrol and in
base, enemy has armor support, and possibly air support as well.

Goals: Attack the convoy when King Six says so.

Suggested outfit:  Bring at 2 LAWs and sniper rifle

Suggested tactics: Take out all patrols encountered, snipe at the
base a little, then advance to shadow the convoy, but do NOT
attack it, until you see Black Widow arriving at your location.
Run for extraction, put a LAW into the convoy in the last second.

Walkthru:  This one can be tough if actually followed the
instructions. Go past the hill and engage patrols and guards with
sniper rifle. Clear out that little outpost with one building a
one truck (have up to 4 guards) Then continue down the path and
engage those guards on hill, then on the road below, many of whom
are prone and shooting. They may be engaging the other two teams,
so help them out a bit. Feel free to eliminate any guards inside
the base itself that you can see. However, do NOT attack the
convoy. Follow the waypoints until you reach this depression next
to the road, (watch for ambusher on the back hill, and guards
that shoot down from the base!) Parallel the road and follow the
convoy. Shoot guards along the route as you see them. You'll go
all the way up to the extraction waypoint. Go there, climb onto
the road, and turn around. Soon King Six will state that it's a
trap, too many hostiles at the area. The convoy will go up to the
checkpoint and stop. Double back and you can catch the enemy
soldiers from behind. Take them out, put a LAW into the truck,
then run for extraction, which should be next to you. Then end
the mission quickly, because 2 choppers just appeared and they
are gunning for you!


9.11  WHISTLE STOP

Briefing: Da'Nil has hijacked a munitions train from Turkey and
plans to take it into Georgia. Stop the train at all costs.

Situation: Get in Black Widow and be dropped off at the train.
Secure the train, and take care of any chasers (possibly helos as
well) and wait until the train stops at a friendly checkpoint.

Goals: Kill all hostiles on the train, survive until the train
stops

Suggested outfit: M4 w/ GL, maybe some LAWs if you want to try to
hit the choppers.

Suggested tactics: Nothing, really.

Walkthru: Jump into the chopper and crouch. After it takes off,
go prone, and go as far out the door without falling out. When
the chopper's over the train, slide out, and hopefully you land
on one of the platform cars. Shoot the guard, then climb up the
ladder and shoot the next car down, jump down, repeat. If you see
trucks chasing you from the side... That's why you brought the
grenade launcher. Keep going up, down, shoot more tangos, until
you reach the 3 train cars that has a roof. You should have
cleared the train by now. If not, go forward and shoot more
tangos. Go prone and "hide" as close to the starboard edge
(that's to the LEFT if you're facing front of the train). If you
see some vehicles to the side, pop up and feed them a grenade,
but if you see a chopper, HIDE! If you are extremely brave, go to
a flat car and try to hit the chopper with a LAW, but it's
completely optional. More pickups will chase you, each carrying 2
gunmen, but they can't jump onboard. Either kill the gunmen or
grenade the truck, it's your choice. Keep hiding and/or engaging
until the train stops, and that's it!


9.12  HOURGLASS

Briefing: The remaining virus has been hidden in a bomb somewhere
in this refinery. The refinery is full of volatile liquids and
one wrong shot can ignite the whole place. Hostiles are expected
to hide snipers and such to make sure we don't find the bomb
until it's too late.

Situation: Day time, snipers about, some civilians. Don't shoot
any barrels as that can cause a chain reaction to blow up
everything.

Goals: Locate the bomb in the refinery, do NOT destroy the
refinery or allow it to be destroyed.

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle

Suggested tactics: fast, but accurate, as time is short.

Walkthru: This one can be messy. Crouch and move forward, stop
when you see the raised road. You'll find multiple tangos on the
road, and some civilians trying to escape, and the tangos are
shooting at the civilians! Shoot the tangos patrolling, and on
the other side of the road. Two trucks should approach from the
left, but they'll get blown up. Move up there and stop just
behind the two burnt out trucks, and use that as cover to take
out the next few tangos on the road. Keep moving toward the
refinery. Do NOT shoot into the refinery unless you are VERY sure
of your target! One stray shot, one barrel explodes, and the
whole plant goes POOF, along with the virus! Look on high
platforms and kill tangos if you see them. Stop when you come to
the houses just to right of the path. Your buddies should have
arrived, stop a bit further back from them. In a little bit,
Alpha should say the tangos are leaving. If so, don't shoot them.
You don't want Charlie to blow up the refinery. Sometimes Charlie
can hit a couple tangos, blow up one of the small buildings, but
the refinery did not explode. At other times, it did. So it's
partly by chance. Switch to silenced pistol or pistol, and stand
up straight. It's time to do a search. The bomb is one of the
barrels, and it's usually near one of those tall distillers.
There's no need to climb any platforms or stairs or ladders.
However, there are two or three snipers hiding in the base, so be
careful when you move. One's prone on the ground if you go past
the buildings and go left, another is hiding in the bed of a
truck parked in the base.  Basically, run around every distiller
and look on top of all the visible barrels. When you see one that
looks like it has wires on top, that's the one. Walk up to it,
and the mission should end.

Congratulations: you have defeated the bio-terrorism threat!



10   Campaign 2: Operation Global Enforcement

We have reports that a new terrorist group is trying to obtain
uranium... the old-fashioned way. Clearly, that is unacceptable.


10.1  CLAIM JUMPER

Briefing: New terrorist group United Freedom has taken over an
uranium mine in Chad. Take it back without destroying it.

Situation: day-time, hills to hide, lots of enemies

Goals: Eliminate all hostiles

Suggested outfit:  Bring at least one LAW, sniper rifle or M4 w/
grenade launcher

Suggested tactics: Sneak and snipe, as usual. Use the LAW on any
armored cars you see.

Walkthru: Follow the waypoints and take out any BRDMs and patrols
that you see. Soon you'll spot the mine itself. Slowly peek for
enemies and take them out one by one, esp. those down at the
sandbagged positions. Circle the base to spot more tangos. When
it's clear, head down into the base and clear the buildings one
by one.

Go to either CRITICAL MASS or SUPERNOVA


10.2  CRITICAL MASS

Briefing: UF has kidnapped some scientists when they pulled out.
Find and rescue them.

Situation: Day-time mission again, lots of hostiles, including
armor

Goals: Rescue the scientists (2-3 of them, random placement), all
must survive evacuation

Suggested outfit: M4 w/ grenade launcher, silenced pistol, at
least 2 LAWs.

Suggested tactics: sneaking is VERY important. Clear out all
visible enemies and other buildings before attempting to rescue
the scientists.

Walkthru: Head up the hill a bit and engage the guards carefully,
beware of other patrols coming at your back! Once front is clear,
clear the sides, then take out the BRDMs at the front entrance.
Clear inside, but go around each building first. Your buddies
should run in and help you defend the place, but they will stay
at the entrance. They will defend the base from any enemy
reinforcements coming in from the east. Sneak around each
building and shoot more tangos, then sneak around each building
and go inside for more tangos. If you see the hostages, do NOT
rescue them yet. Clear the rest of the buildings, use grenades if
you have to, but try not to unless you've already found the
hostages. Hostages are either in the far-left building, or the
near-right building, if you're facing the entrance. When clear,
go ahead and touch the hostages, and they'll run out of the camp.
Run ahead of them and be ready to engage all hostiles, who'll be
popping up in your path. Shoot them down before they can harm the
ex-hostages. When you reach extraction point, and Black Widow
arrives, that's it.


10.3  SUPER NOVA

Briefing: UF have taken over a refinery to process their Uranium
ore. Take it back.

Reality note: Uranium can only be processed by centrifuge, not an
oil refinery!

Situation: Day-time again, LOTS of enemy snipers, beware!

Goals: Kill all hostiles

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle for sure

Suggested tactics: snipe VERY carefully, VERY deliberately.

Walkthru: Approach SLOWLY and watch for snipers, as there are a
LOT of them. Kill the first patrol, then get up to a vantage
point where you can see the whole refinery, go prone, find a good
hide spot, and start picking off one tango at a time.  When you
think you hit all that's visible, do a lateral displacement and
look into the plant from a different angle, and slowly spiral in,
looking for more tangos. Finally, get inside the refinery itself
and clear it. Watch for tangos at upper level. Probably go in
prone and use pistol only.


10.4  FALLOUT

Briefing: UF have taken over an airport to take out their haul.
Do NOT let that happen. Kill all hostiles on the map.

Situation: Day-time again, LOTS of enemy snipers, beware!

Goals: Kill all hostiles

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle for sure

Suggested tactics: snipe VERY carefully, VERY deliberately.

Walkthru: Nothing really to this mission. Walk up to the
waypoints and take out any patrols (using silenced pistol if
possible) so you can get into position with a good vantage point,
prone. Then start picking off each and every tango that's
visible. Wait for a little while, wait some more, and start doing
lateral displacements until you've pretty much circled the base,
and spiral in. Check every hangar for more tangos, and every
building. When it's all clear, go head out to the extract, and
kill some more tangos in your way.


10.5  BROKEN ARROW

Briefing: A shipment of uranium is on its way to a terrorist
camp. Stop the convoy, eliminate all hostiles.

Situation: Day-time again, convoy has armored cars as escorts

Goals: Kill all hostiles

Suggested outfit: At least 3 LAWs, sniper rifle or M4 with GL

Suggested tactics: Kill patrols, then head forward and nail the
first BRDM, then nail the subsequent BRDMs and the soldiers on
foot, and that's it!

Walkthru: Head over the hill and take out one patrol (2 men),
then look left and right for 2 more patrol groups. Finally, head
over the hill (follow your waypoints) for one more set of patrol,
and you should be near the convoy. Put a LAW into the lead BRDM,
then one more LAW into the other BRDMs. Then find a good spot and
snipe off the soldiers, move to other side of convoy and do the
same, and that's it!


10.6  VOODOO

Briefing: UF have taken over an decommissioned Soviet base. Take
down the base (kill everybody), and wipe out the soldiers in the
barracks below the comm center.

Situation: Night mission, visibility is minimal.

Goals: Kill all hostiles at comm center, kill all hostiles at
barracks

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle with extra ammo, or M4/ w/ GL
launcher and extra ammo

Suggested tactics: snipe VERY carefully, VERY deliberately.

Walkthru: Take out the patrol near you using your silenced
pistol, then get across the bridge and sneak up on the comm
center. Take out as many guards as you can from outside, as well
as the guards on the towers, and any one shooting at you from the
barracks area. Also take out the guards next to the chopper, and
grenade the chopper, and maybe the SAM site as well, but that's
optional. Slowly move into the comm center and clear it one room
at a time, silenced pistol preferred. When that's done, search
the perimeter again if OBJ has not been met. Then head down to
the barracks and repeat. You may want to put a grenade into each
window first. Watch for hostiles hiding NEAR but not in the
barracks. When you clear out both, you win!


10.7  SUPPLY LINE

Briefing: We have located the main UF fuel and munitions depot,
kill all hostiles inside.

Situation: Day-time, surprise helicopter!

Goals: Kill all hostiles

Suggested outfit: M4 w/ GL, or sniper rifle, at least 2 LAWs

Suggested tactics: snipe, snipe, snipe.

Walkthru: Head forward and take out the patrols. When you hear
that chopper's coming in, arm LAW and hide behind a hill, then
nail the chopper when it flies by. Then it's just a matter of
patience as you take out tango after tango from afar.


10.8  PINPOINT

Briefing: UF senior officer has been spotted in the area carrying
a laptop. We must capture it and decode the intelligence stored
inside. Charlie will create a diversion, while Bravo run in and
steal the laptop.

Situation: Night mission, be careful!

Goals: Get the laptop, escape to extraction point

Suggested outfit: Keep the SAW, add maybe 2 LAWs

Suggested tactics: wait until Charlie start the diversion, then
run inside the base and nail as many hostiles as you can, grab
the laptop, and run.

Walkthru: Head up waypoint, take out a few snipers and patrols,
and wait on this side of the ridge until Charlie starts their
attack. Most enemies should run toward Charlie's attack. Run down
hill and start zig-zaging and shooting at the defenders. Run
sideways and walk your shots across the target. The laptop is on
the far side of the base. There are like 5 barrack buildings, in
groups of 3, and 2. Take out the guards, take the laptop (just
run into it), and run for extraction point. Shoot some more
tangos in your way (just hose them with your SAW), arrive at
extraction point, and this mission should be over.


10.9  KNOCKOUT

Briefing: UF SAMs have been bothering our pilots. Take out the
SAM launchers, and then stop long enough to capture the UF
general, also on the base.

Situation: Day-time again, LOTS of enemy snipers, and even a
chopper! Beware!

Goals: Destroy SAM radar trailers, destroy chopper, capture
general

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle for sure, at least 2 LAWs,
probably more

Suggested tactics: snipe VERY carefully, VERY deliberately.

Walkthru: Go a bit to the right and ignore the waypoints for now.
Head up to the hill. There should be a BRDM to your left with at
least 2 tangos. Nail it if you wish, else run past it. Go up the
hill and hide behind some trees to engage the hostiles. Look out
toward enemy SAM launchers, and kill any guards that are in your
way. Enemy chopper will come around the hill, so arm LAW, and
when it flies over your head, destroy it! Remember to take out
BOTH radar trailers with either artillery or LAW. When that's
done, Charlie team will parachute in.  Follow them into the
compound, shoot the tangos in towers and on hills. Shoot more
tangos, then move into the building where the General is hiding.
Clear it of guards, and the general is hiding on 2nd floor in the
corner. He walks slowly, but with a little patience, you'll see
him get onto the chopper. Follow the chopper to the 2nd LZ, and
that's the end.


10.10      STEEL COFFIN

Briefing: UF armor were spotted. Destroy all UF armor by calling
in fire support.

Situation: Day-time again, LOTS of enemy snipers, no need to kill
everybody!

Goals: Destroy all armored vehicles, including tanks and BRDMs.

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle, 2 LAWs as "backup", and 2 satchel
charges as further backup

Suggested tactics: First take out the tanks visible from the edge
of the base, then get to the southern entrance and take out the
rest.

Walkthru: Go a bit to the RIGHT of the waypoint and head up the
hill, but do NOT go over. Snipers are deadly here and if you
follow the waypoints blindly you'll get killed. Find a spot to
designate the tanks and BRDMs parked outside. Should only need
like 2 hits to take out all four vehicles outside. Go around the
hill so you can sneak up on the base's southern flank (take out
the guards on the towers first). Go prone at the southern
perimeter and look into the hangars, and you'll see BRDMs and a
tank. Call in some artillery on them. If you're out of artillery,
shoot a LAW yourself. Use laser designator on tanks first since

BRDMs only takes one LAW hit to destroy. If you still have
targets left over, you'll have to sneak in and use satchel
charges on the remaining vehicles.


10.11      BROKEN WING

Briefing: UF have accumulated some MiG fighters. Destroy them
before they get off the ground.

Situation: Day-time again, LOTS of enemy snipers, beware!

Goals: Kill all hostiles in the airbase, demolish the 2 MiGs,
escape to extraction point

Suggested outfit: sniper rifle for sure

Suggested tactics: snipe VERY carefully, VERY deliberately.

Walkthru: As you move toward your first waypoint, a Russian HIND
chopper will patrol the canyon. Just hide and wait until it flies
past the base. Once it past the base, it won't come back! (Or you
can shoot it with a LAW as it go by, up to you)  Continue to
waypoint, find a location to snipe the tangos inside the base.
Circle the base and continue to eliminate tangos. When ready,
sneak inside, eliminate more tangos, and put a satchel charge
next to each MiG (one's in the open, the other is in a hangar).
Run to extraction point and hit the detonator en route. Boom!


10.12      MISSION CONTROL

Briefing: UF have taken over a missile launch facility and we
must rescue hostages from the facility to secure some
intelligence.

Situation: Night mission, stay as quiet as possible!

Goals: Kill all hostiles, hostages must survive

Suggested outfit: MP5-SD3, silenced pistol, armor or ghillie suit

Suggested tactics: be VERY, VERY quiet, we're hunting tangos

Walkthru: Go RIGHT 45 degrees and start running. You want to
follow Charlie team, basically. You COULD go through your
original waypoints by taking out the small outpost, but if you
make ANY mistake you may compromise the mission. So it's better
to follow Charlie. Any way, go past Charlie and when you're close
to the camp, start going prone and head in with your MP5-SD3.
When ready, shoot at everybody that you see. Move slowly and
clear each and every structure, but do NOT use grenades. Watch
for enemies hiding next to BRDMs, inside structures shooting out,
and so on. Stay prone, move slowly. Your objective is the large
structure's BACK DOOR (the door facing the valley wall). Before
you get there, take out the two tangos in the house next door, as
well as the tango next to the BRDM, and so on. Shoot at the fuel
drums before you reach the back door, and all enemies will focus
on it. There are three guards inside the main compound, one in
the middle, one near the front door to left, and one on the left
rear window. Stay prone, and head into the door. The middle guy
will turn around and spot you. Kill him with a 3-round burst,
then kill the main door guy with another burst, then turn left
and shoot at the window to kill the third guy, and you've secured
the hostages. If you don't kill all the guards, they will kill
all the hostages, and your mission fails. If you succeed, you now
need to take out the rest of the hostiles. The hostages won't
move, so don't worry about them. Head out the main door, still
prone, and look for more tangos. At least one is in that
camouflage structure ahead. Turn around and look up the valley
wall, and you should spot at least one or two guys. (Use binocs
to see them.) Shoot them. Another two will probably shoot at you
from the clump of trees to left. Take cover and shoot back! Once
you've eliminated all the tangos the mission is a success.


10.13      SCORCHED EARTH

Briefing: United Freedom has control of the launch facility and
the missile is almost finished. Take over the launch facility,
kill all hostiles, then kill all hostiles at the missile gantry
to make sure they cannot launch the missile manually.

Situation: Day-time again, LOTS of enemy snipers, lots of enemy
bunkers. Beware!

Goals: Kill all hostiles at launch complex, kill all hostiles at
gantry

Suggested outfit: M4 with grenade launcher, as you need the
firepower, 2 LAWs for BRDM busting, and extra ammo.

Suggested tactics: snipe VERY carefully, VERY deliberately. Put a
grenade into every bunker. Sneak up to the main building, clear
it, then the tower, clear it. Find a place to snipe at the
gantry, then head down and clean out the rest.

Walkthru: Arm LAW, and climb to the surface of the road, and nail
that BRDM ahead of you. Then hide back down and shoot all the
guards near it. Run to the other side of the road, climb hill,
and hide behind the tree. Snipe from the tree at the various
guards that are visible. Take out the guards at the main complex
door. Try to snipe at the guards (yes, there are TWO of them)
inside the bunker just to left, and on the tower behind. There
are some tangos at a lower level you can take out too, plus more
at lower left to left. Come back down the hill and head right of
the hill, which leads to a small valley, which takes you to the
hill of the control complex. If any of alpha team survived,
they'll go there. Climb up to launch complex. Arm assault rifle
and be ready as a guard will run out the bunker to right, and
another one may be just inside. Once you take out two guards,
Scan right to the bunker, and put a grenade into the rear door.
Boom! No more tango inside. Go in prone and clear out room by
room (only one other tango inside, really), but watch for other
tangos outside shooting in. As you have a broken window, use that
to put a grenade into the other two bunkers. You should hear
screams. Continue and shoot into that "barracks" next door,
should be at few tangos inside, just shoot through the window and
break the glass to reveal them. When cleared, it's time to clear
the upstairs. Go prone and go up the outside stairs by going back
out the door you came in, turn left (past the bunker you nuked),
and stop at corner. Look up to control tower and nail a sniper if
you haven't done so. Go around corner and look left to take out
more tangos. Climb stair slowly, turn RIGHT at stairs, and go
prone. Move right so you're in the middle of the window. Throw a
grenade a bit to the left into the far-left corner of the room.
Boom! Top guard's gone. Verify that. Now it's time to clear the
control tower. Run down to ground level, then run up to the
control tower. Go around the left side. Stop before the corner,
then go prone, go around the building, and kill the guy at the
door, then one more inside to right of stairs, and one more to
the left through the door. No need to climb the stairs, as
there's nobody else up there. Come back out, and look right, and
there's one guy hiding just around the corner. Take him out, and
the launch complex is clear. Look for a way down into the valley
of the gantry, but usually you have to come WEST of the complex.
You may even run into a BRDM, but that's why you saved that last
LAW for it. Shoot more guards and patrols, and keep going. The
gantry itself has quite a few tangos hiding on it, and nearby has
even more. Go prone and pick them off one at a time. Then circle
it for some more tangos you can't see before. Once you eliminate
all tangos at the gantry the mission is over.

Congratulations, you've protected the world from nuclear
holocaust!



11   Miscellaneous


11.1  CHEAT CODES

Press ~ (tilde) to bring down the console prompt, and enter any
of these codes:

thetrooper     God mode, can't die

sunandsteel    Full ammo

diewithyourbootson  Unlimited Ammo

stilllife Invisibility

superjump Jump very high

revelation     gives 8 airstrike/laser rounds

gamma x   (where x is a digit from 0-9) different grenade smoke
colors

resetgames     resets current game

NOTE: yes, capitals DO matter. Must be re-entered every mission.


11.2  EDITOR

I can offer no help about the editor. Sorry!


11.3  MULTIPLAYER

As this game is ancient and cheating was never really resolved, I
won't be covering multiplayer at all.


11.4 OTHER QUICK MISSIONS

There are other fan-made quick missions, some of which are
EXTREMELY hard... but fun! See the next section for website,
where you can find the downloads.


11.5 RELATED WEBSITES AND FANSITES

http://www.dfbarracks.com

http://www.dfarena.com

--THE END--
